Lexi Niekamp
0.04*5=0.2 each
1.      Which is Ohio¡¯s smallest county?
2.      Which is Ohio¡¯s largest county?
1.      What is the shortest route between Columbus and Cincinnati?
1.      Which Ohio county has the most cities?
2.      Which Ohio county has the least cities?

Kevin banks
+0.04*30=1.2
#1 Location Question
What is Columbus's location?
What are the geographical coodinates for Columbus and Dayton?
Where is High Street in Columbus?
Where is Broad Street in Columbus?
Where is Franklin County?
Where is the location of Dayton?
Where in Ohio is Columbus?
 
#2 Proximity Entity Questions
What are the five furthest cities from Columbus?
Where are the five furthest cities from Columbus?
What cities are furthest from Columbus?
What are the names of the 3 closest cities to Columbus?
What are the names of the three closest cities to Columbus?
What 5 cities are the closest to the city of Columbus?
What five cities are the closest to the city of Columbus?
What are the names of the five furthest cities to Columbus?
What are the names of the 5 furthest cities to Columbus?
 
#3 Proximity Distance Question
What is the distance to Dayton from Columbus?
What is the distance to Columbus from Dayton?
What distance seperates Columbus from Dayton?
What distance seperates Dayton fom Columbus?
How close is it from Dayton to Columbus?
How close is it to Dayton from Columbus?
How close is Dayton to Columbus?
From Dayton to Columbus, what is the distance?
What is the spatial distance from Clumbus to Dayton?
 
#4 Proximity Buffer Questions
Which cities are within a 20 mile radius of Columbus?
Which cities are within a twenty mile radius of Columbus?
How many cities are there in a 20 mile radius of Columbus?
How many cities are there in a twenty mile radius of Columbus?

Dana T
0.04*7=0.28
Relative location
Where is the location of Columbus with perspective to Dayton?
Where is the location of Dayton with perspective to Columbus?
Proximity Entity
Which of the ten cities are nearest to Columbus? 
Which of the ten cities are farthest from Columbus?
#Proximity Distance
What is the distance between Ohio's lowest point and Ohio's highest Point (Campbell Hill)?
#Proximity Buffer
What cities are within five miles of the Scioto River?
What cities are located within ten miles of Columbus and along an interstate?


Brian Arnold
0.04*7=0.28
What cities are within 5 miles of Interstate 70?
How many cities in Erie County that are within 5 miles of any Interstate route?
Where are the 4 nearest cities to Toledo?
What is the difference in the number of cities in Franklin County as opposed to Delaware County?
How many cities are 10 miles outside of Franklin County?
How many cities starting with the letter C are in Franklin County?
How many cities are within Licking County that are with 10 miles from another city?

Gregory Arnold
0.04*6=0.24
What county bordering Stark county has the most cities?
How many counties border along the Ohio River?
How many counties border along Lake Erie?
Where are the 3 nearest cities to Athens?
Where are the 5 nearest cities to New Philadelphia?
What 3 cities are closest to Canton?
What is the distance between New Philadelphia and Dover?
What is the distance between New Philadelphia and Orrville?
What is the distance between Orrville and Wooster?
What 3 cities are nearest to Wooster?
What is the distance from Wooster to Orrville?
What is the distance from Orrville to New Philadelphia?
What is the distance from New Philadelphia to Dover?
How many cities are in Tuscarawas county and are within 5 miles of Interstate 77?